Special programs, like a branched education,
are historic events and unforgettable experiences.
While not all of us can attend every special meeting,
more and more of these programs are shared with us
on JW Broadcasting.
In March of this year, our brothers and sisters
in Brazil were thrilled when 1,130,826 of them gathered
to receive a precious gift from Jehovah.
In Brazil, with the governing body support,
planning began in 2007 to produce a revised version
of the New World Translation in Brazilian Portuguese.
Using the English source text and many reference works,
the Portuguese translation team refined the text.
After seven years of intense and thorough work,
the new Bible was composed and finally ready for printing.
The United States and Japan branches printed almost
1.3 million Bibles and shipped them to Brazil.
Once they arrived at the branch,
it took about three months to forward them
to the more than 11,000 congregations around Brazil,
involving a lot of careful planning and organization.
Each box was labeled with specific instructions
that they should not be opened in advance.
The first boxes were sent to the furthest regions
so that every congregation would have them on hand
for a special meeting arranged for March 22nd, 2015.
Finally, that special day arrived.
Preparations were made so that all the congregations
in Brazil would be connected.
More than 740,000 attended the event
at a live broadcast meeting and many others
would watch later on during the day.
In some kingdoms, there were up to three sessions.
The audience enjoyed a building talks
and interviews with brothers
that saw the first New World Translation release in 1967.
There was great anticipation in the year.
Brothers' plane was present for the special meeting
and what a joy it was to discover
that the Bible had been revised
and was now available in Brazilian Portuguese.
Everyone present received their own personal copy
of the new revised Bible.
While the Bible was being distributed,
those in attendance heard a chorus sing
of the new songs in Portuguese.
This new Bible will help me to get to know Jehovah
and it will be even better for the use in the field ministry.
Our brothers and sisters present
were so grateful for what they saw and heard
at this unforgettable meeting.
The illustrations here at the back are very interesting
because it's much easier to understand.
How wonderful to know that at the end of that special day
with Jehovah's help
around 1.1 million Bibles had been distributed.
Few things compared to receiving the New World Translation
in your own language.
As Jehovah's people, we love studying
from a clear and accurate translation
since the Bible is God's way of communicating with us today.